docs: add guidelines on how to install extension (#1755)
Financial-Times/origami: apps/for-everyone-website/src/content/docs/guides/grid.mdx

![](/assets/images/components/grid/column-offset.svg)

## Chrome Extension for Grid Overlay

> To aid in implementing and visualizing the Origami grid system in your projects, we offer a Chrome extension that provides a customizable grid overlay for your web pages.

Reviewer: We use British english for docs and American english for code.
https://origami.ft.com/documentation/principles/tone-and-language/#use-british-english-for-documentation

```suggestion
To aid in implementing and visualising the Origami grid system in your projects, we offer a Chrome extension that provides a customisable grid overlay for your web pages.
```

### Origami Chrome Extension

> This tool enhances your web development workflow by making it easier to align and space elements according to Origami design principles.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this h3 is needed. Could a single heading and one summary communicate your points more concisely?

Also consider rephrasing "your web development workflow" to be inclusive of designers. As you mention below, they should find this helpful too :)
